the vitals unique research program
displaced the department of
pharmaceutical sciences at the
university supplies one of the uk's
leading researchers international
medicines the research team is composed
of dr. david watch dr. Veronique Saddam
and elderly paper together they will be
exploring the varying chemical and
biological properties of problems from
different parts of the world this
particular researches and with
devastating the composition of public
switch system and natural product
mixture made by bees and it contains
many many different components and it
appears that publix has quite a range of
biological activity these biological
activities may be due to either a single
component or all the components acting
together to do this event apply a range
of different analytical technique some
ranging from high pressure liquid
chromatography mass spectrometry of
those descriptions and basically nuclear
magnetic resonance spectroscopy elam at
the moment is focusing on the use of
high pressure liquid chromatography and
profiling the proper late so she's
developed a method for extracting and
separating the polar and the waxy
fractions of the proper age the polar
fractions she's putting to the high
pressure liquid chromatograph and the
waxy fraction she is then taking to the
gut chromatography mass spectrometry
instrument and analyzing though if using
the technique was not suitable for those
after the publish
clinical trials are being conducted in a
number of key areas where problems has
traditionally been found to be useful
dr. Philip wonder a leading dentist in
the UK has pioneered the use of propolis
in dentistry while in his unit and
retighten defenders in the day goes by
is that Dave highway buildings
toplessness we just apply a little bit
of the cream it makes things a lot more
comfortable that the face to startle
cracks in the corner allows essentially
shouldn't be painful it can be
uncomfortable little cracks in the
corner they don't open up with a steel
roller a lot quicker so we would just
write a proper actually usually a little
blood like that and what's the solitary
collective staff which is popular the
face of it's sweet like honey link to
that disclosed now if you'll retain some
control it's just like that amazing
there's a BK two thirds of deciduous is
a baby soon and then the swelling at the
slide the gums plant wedding is gonna
touch it now yes what we'll do is take
this improper think the pain will go
immediately it's gonna paint a bit on
the counter and a bit right and my whole
life
that feels like a strong number family
yes so obtained gone now brilliant other
than to see through lots of patients is
that sort of my mouth ulcers these are
generally stress-related and they've got
a self-limiting lifespan of about 14
days normal proprietary brands of mouth
rinses don't tend to make much
difference and the usually saves tried
for 14 days but they also will go away
in 14 days anyway and he's 10 related to
stress feel the dead would do a dagger
very very nasty also from fuller picture
of it here very painful the back of my
mouth it was affecting my speech is
affecting my ability to swallow
assaulting mr. Wanda who recommended a
properly solution on your packet remedy
to apply to the officer two to three
times a day 48 hours later all sharingan
all symptoms God and the odds Earth
completely disappeared I was amazed